REF: As of August 2015, there were 169 proposed targets for these goals and 304 proposed indicators to show compliance.
HYP: As of August 2015, there were 169 proposed targets for these goals and 304 proposed indicators to show compliance.
REF: White dwarf stars, if they have a near companion, may then become Type Ia supernovae.
HYP: White dwarf stars, if they have a near companion, may then become type Aya supernovae.
REF: According to Herodotus, this was because they had decided in council that they could not beat the Allies in a naval battle.
HYP: According to Herodotus, this was because they had decided in council that they could not beat the Allies in a naval battle.
REF: In 1997 Hurlbut's career focused on light as applied to photography and film, and he owned a lighting business in Pasadena, California.
HYP: In 1997, Herlbutt's career focused on light as applied to photography and film, and he owned a lighting business in Pasadena, California.
REF: Harvey ended with a century on his Ashes debut, scoring 112 from 183 balls in an innings noted for powerful driving on both sides of the wicket.
HYP: Harvey ended with a century on his ashes debut, scoring 112 from 183 balls in an innings noted for powerful driving on both sides of the wicket.
REF: Hello Antonis. This is your S22 speaking with a neural voice, running entirely on the phone.
HYP: Hello, Antonis. This is your S22 speaking with a neural voice, running entirely on the phone.
REF: You have a missed call from your mother. Do you want me to call her back?
HYP: You have a missed call from your mother. Do you want me to call her back?
REF: The battery is at forty two percent, and the phone is not charging.
HYP: The battery is at 42% and the phone is not charging.
REF: I set a timer for ten minutes. I will remind you when it goes off.
HYP: I set a timer for 10 minutes. I will remind you when it goes off.
REF: Sorry, I could not reach the server. Should I try again in a minute?
HYP: Sorry, I could not reach the server. Should I try again in a minute?
REF: The weather today is mostly sunny, with a high of twenty three degrees and a light breeze from the north.
HYP: The weather today is mostly sunny, with a high of 23 degrees and a light breeze from the north.
REF: Your next meeting starts at half past three, in the small conference room on the second floor.
HYP: Your next meeting starts at half past three in the small conference room on the second floor.
REF: Please hold on while I look that up for you.
HYP: Please hold on while I look that up for you.
REF: New message from Maria: running late, see you at the station around seven.
HYP: New message from Maria. Running late, see you at the station around 7.
REF: Turning on do not disturb until tomorrow morning.
HYP: Turning on Do Not Disturb, until tomorrow morning.
